feat: add store_id span attribute to all top-level traces (#1965)
openfga/openfga: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

* Improve tracing in Check API by enhancing discoverability of model ID. [#1964](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1964)

> * Improve tracing in all APIs by adding the store ID to the span. [#1964](

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improve tracing in all APIs by adding the store ID to the span. [#1965](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1965)
```
